If your morning starts with the smell of fresh coffee, you're a true believer.
If you know your beans from your blends, you're one of us.
And if you can't imagine a world without your daily cup, well, this story's for you.
Coffee's journey began over a thousand years ago in Ethiopia, where legend says
Goatherders first discovered its energizing effects. From there it traveled to Yemen,
sparking the world's first coffee houses, places where ideas percolated as quickly as the brew.
By the 17th century, coffee had conquered Europe, fueling artists, thinkers, and revolutionaries.
Fast forward to today and coffee culture is everywhere, from bustling Italian espresso bars
to hipster cafes in Tokyo. It's a global language connecting people from all walks of life
over a simple cup. So next time you sip, remember you're part of a century's old tradition.
Cheers to coffee, the drink that shaped history and still brings us together, one cup at a time.